Slug: were-here
Date: 2001-10-22
Title: We're here
layout: post

And we&#39;re mostly in one piece. I&#39;m writing this post on, yes, my new TiBook, christened &quot;Ti Fighter&quot;. I love that you can name your Mac. I&#39;m going to ramble.<p>

The trip was, as most 2390 mile trips are, exhausting. Dad and I drove... a lot. Here&#39;s a quick breakdown:<p>

<b>Thursday</b>: start at 4:30 am EST, drive 700+ miles from Portsmouth, VA, to just past Nashville, TN (14 hours in the truck). <b>Friday</b>: start at 5:00 am EST and drive 700+ miles to just past Oklahoma City, OK (14 hours). <b>Saturday</b>: start at 5:00 am CST and drive 800 miles to Flagstaff, AZ (15.5 hours). <b>Sunday</b> (today!??): start at 7:00 am PST (Arizona does not do DST so it&#39;s on PST now) and drive 120 miles to Phoenix, AZ (2.5 hours).<p>

We unloaded the stuff that went into storage. I returned the auto-transport and we drove over to the apartment complex. dropped the U-Haul off and went to lunch. Came back after the leasing office opened (1 pm) and did the paperwork. Sam Shoen (new boss and all around awesome fellow) , Matt Diaz, and Jim Burgess helped Dad and I move the remaining ton and a half (or so &lt;grin&gt;) of stuff from the truck into the <i>second floor</i> apartment.<p>

Well, everyonee is gone, Dad is at a hotel near <a href="http://www.phxskyharbor.com/">Sky Harnor Airport</a>, and I&#39;m here feeling wasted but glad to be sleeping in my own place tonight. Granted, it&#39;s complete chaos, but I got the bed put together and I&#39;ve been surfing on the TiBook and eating cold pizza.<p>

Well, that&#39;s about all I have energy for tonight. More later. Ciao.</p></p></p></p></p>
