Slug: a-sad-day
Date: 2003-01-19
Title: A Sad Day
layout: post

As a graphic designer at heart, I have always held dear to me the tools I use to express myself visually. For many years now I have been a die-hard Macromedia disciple. Freehand (*Aldus* Freehand, mind you) was my first vector design tool, and I would take it over Illustrator any day. I still think it has the simpler paradigms and is easier to use. Dreamweaver has been my GUI html-editor of choice for ages, and Fireworks was hands-down the coolest thing I had ever seen. I *lived* in Fireworks for a couple years.


Right now I&#39;m considering finally upgrading my web production suite, and guess what? I&#39;m going to buy Adobe. That&#39;s right, after years of being in love with <a href="http://www.macromedia.com">Macromedia</a> products, I&#39;m going <a href="http://www.adobe.com">Adobe</a>. Why?


It&#39;s all about Mac OS X. I love OS X, and I think Macromedia has done a crappy job in moving their interface over. I find it too white, too clunky, too slow, too in-the-way, especially on my 15&quot; TiBook screen. The redraw rates are crap in Freehand, and Dreamweaver is sluggish.


I am glad that Macromedia has worked hard to get their stuff on OS X, but I think Adobe has done a better job. Macromedia tried to completely &quot;Mac-ify&quot; their interface, which is admirable, but with Adobe I get exactly the same interface as I&#39;ve used for years in Photoshop. It&#39;s not &quot;Mac-ified&quot;, but we already knew that Adobe&#39;s products are their own platform, as Macromedia&#39;s were too. So not having the palettes in GoLive or Photoshop look exactly like the Mac interface doesn&#39;t bother me. Meanwhile, Photoshop, GoLive, and Illustrator are pretty fast on OS X. I don&#39;t feel like they&#39;re in my way, and I&#39;ve started learning the tricks to using them as a unit. (I&#39;m using borrowed copies at the moment.)


So, Macromedia, I&#39;ve loved you - you got me going, supported me when I was starting out, but you couldn&#39;t hack it, couldn&#39;t keep up. I wish you the best - get your act together and maybe I&#39;ll be there for the next rev.
