Slug: working
Date: 2003-12-06
Title: Working!
layout: post

Wow. I&#39;m really tired, but really happy.

I&#39;ve completed my first 5 days at <a href="http://www.re-mac.com">Re-Mac</a> (Mon to Wed last week, and Thurs and Fri this week - with a break for holidays and the flu in there) and I completely love it.

I never thought I wanted to be in sales. Maybe I&#39;d never sold the right thing. I love selling Macs!

I got to take apart an eMac today as part of replacing the logic board (did not get to put it back together or actually change the board - &quot;baby steps to the elevator...&quot;) and can see why our tech hates them. A real PITA to disassemble/reassemble.

I think I&#39;ve got a really good onsite manner. I&#39;ve done 5 on-sites in as many workdays - delivering and configuring machines for clients, troubleshooting no-boots, installing and configuring OS updates. I like that part of the job a lot, and I&#39;m learning a lot. So far the clients seem to respond well, which is good! smile

I&#39;m not making much right now (may never - it is retail after all) but I&#39;m loving it. I&#39;m comfortable enough with the point-of-sale software now for 90% of the sales we do, and the rest I&#39;ll get as I need it.

<ul>More notes:
<li>Apple&#39;s products sell themselves. Seriously. I watched a customer today sit and giggle as he played with an iPod for the first time. Everything on his face said &quot;If I get it for my wife, I get to play too!&quot;</li>
<li>Nothing can overstate the visual stopping power of a 17&quot; Powerbook.</li>
<li>The inside of a Powermac G5 is about the second coolest thing in the store. (The aforementioned 17&quot; Powerbook being the first.)</li>
<li>Altec Lansing makes a $100 set of computer speakers that can <i>really</i> put out some <a href="http://alteclansing.com/product_details.asp?pID=2100&amp;sID=2">oomph</a>. Niiiice.</li>
</ul>

Ok, &#39;nuf for tonight. Later!
